Update managed-identity.md (#642)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-authentication-library-dotnet: msal-dotnet-articles/advanced/managed-identity.md

* [Azure Cloud Shell](/azure/cloud-shell/overview)
* [Azure Service Fabric](/azure/service-fabric/service-fabric-overview)

> > Service Fabric requires a certificate validatidation which is supported [4.62.0](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#4620) onwards. The validation is available for Net 4.7.1 and greater, Net Standard and Net Core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Service Fabric requires a certificate validatidation which is supported [4.62.0](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/releases/tag/4.62.0) onwards. The validation is available for Net 4.7.1 and greater, Net Standard and Net Core.
```

Author: Updated

> > Service Fabric requires a certificate validatidation which is supported [4.62.0](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#4620) onwards. The validation is available for Net 4.7.1 and greater, Net Standard and Net Core.

Reviewer: why does service fabric needs this validation?

Author: This is the protocol to add the cert validation to the http client using the thumbprint available in the env variable. For more info [see](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4462)
